zbus: global observer support (#88689)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/services/zbus/index.rst

Channel observation structures define the relationship between a channel and its observers. For
every observation, a pair channel/observer. Developers can statically allocate observation using the
:c:macro:`ZBUS_CHAN_DEFINE` or :c:macro:`ZBUS_CHAN_ADD_OBS`. There are also runtime observers,

> enabling developers to create runtime observations. Finally, it is possible to define an observer
> which is notified on publishes to every channel using :c:macro:`ZBUS_GLOBAL_ADD_OBS`. It is possible
> to disable an observer entirely or observations individually.  The event dispatcher will ignore
> disabled observers and observations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabling developers to create runtime observations. Finally, it is possible to define an observer
which is notified on publishes to every channel using :c:macro:`ZBUS_REGISTER_OMNI_OBS`. It is possible
to disable an observer entirely or observations individually.  The event dispatcher will ignore
disabled observers and observations.
```

   sequence);
#. Observers defined using the :c:macro:`ZBUS_CHAN_ADD_OBS` based on the sequence priority
   (parameter of the macro);

> #. Runtime observers in the order they were registered using :c:func:`zbus_chan_add_obs`.
> #. Finally, global observers defined using the :c:macro:`ZBUS_GLOBAL_ADD_OBS` based on the sequence
>    priority (parameter of the macro);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Runtime observers in the order they were registered using :c:func:`zbus_chan_add_obs`.
#. Finally, omni observers are registered using the :c:macro:`ZBUS_REGISTER_OMNI_OBS` based on the sequence
   priority (parameter of the macro);
```
